what is that relax I'd rather not get
this thing off demon this one is machine
and nerve and has its mind concluded
this one is hot flash and faith and is
the more didn't kill your release me
parasite but do not waste my time we'll
talk there is much talk and I have
listened through rock and metal and time
now I shall talk and you shall listen
greetings i am 2401 that it intentioned
I'm unfair of installation 05 I am the
Prophet of regression Council of my
higher arc of the Covenant I'll
reclaimer here
we have much to do this facility must be
activated if we are to control this
outbreak stay where you are nothing can
be done until my sermon is complete not
true this installation has a successful
utilization record at one point two
trillion simulated in one actual it is
ready fire on Dan all the objects our
Lord's left behind there are none so
worthless is these Oracle's nothing of
the great journey and you know nothing
about container you have demonstrated
complete disregard for even the most
basic protocols this one's containment
and this one's great journey are the
same prophets have promised you freedom
from a doomed existence but you will
find no salvation on this ring those who
will pass price knew what their art do
not mistake their intent
Parrish us they did before this thing is
right halo is a weapon your profits are
making a big mistake your ignorance
already destroyed one of the signal
rings deepen it shall not harm another
if you will not hear the truth that I
will show it to you there is still time
to stop the key from turning at first it
must be found you will search one likely
spot and you will search another fate
Alice meet as foes but this ring will
make us brothers
we are all of us gravely concerned the
release of the parasite was unexpected
unfortunately but there is no need to
panic in truth this is a time to rejoice
a moment that all the Covenant should
savor for the sacred icon has been found
with it our path is clear our entry into
the divine beyond guarantee the great
journey is nigh and nothing not even the
flood can stop it
kill the demon
you